RunestoneServer-6.1.5

Changes since 6.1.4
- Fix: potential crasher in practice if a question is missing htmlsrc
- Change: Save tickets to folder so for access when debugging
- Documentation updates

RunestoneServer-6.1.4

Changes Since 6.1.3
- discourage students from leaving or refreshing their peer assignment page.
- detect webwork questions in the instructor interface
- Do not include flagged questions for practice
- Upgrade the paypal payment page
- Show the answer given by all participants in the async peer chat

RunestoneServer-6.1.3

Changes Since 6.1.2
- Use the new library page
- Minor updates and bug fixes

Changes Since 6.0.5

- Add grading for peer assignments
- Add grading for webwork problems
- Add async peer instruction
- Add canonical links to books
- Create sitemap for better SEO
- Infer real homepage for ptx books to avoid redirects
- Add files so webwork problems work on assignment page

Changes in 6.0.5

-   fix delete course
-   misc peer assignment fixes
-   RunestoneServer-6.0.4

Changes in 6.0.4

-   Requires Runestone Components 6.1.1 or higher
-   Add mode=browsing to books in the library to make it more conventient to just look
-   Also added mode=browsing to all links to the instructor guide
-   fix bug with adding datafiles to source_code table
-   Add horizontal parsons problems

RunestoneServer-6.0.3

Changes in 6.0.3

-   Organize the Library!
-   More UX fixes to peer instruction

Changes in 6.0.2

Bug fixes and updates to Peer Instruction

-   [x] Allow groups > 2 for peer instruction
-   [x] Fix the duplication of partners problem
-   [x] Didn't like your partner over and over again
-   [x] Reset the radio button when a new peer is selected
-   [x] Blank out answer when you start vote 2
-   [x] On second vote it still says your first answer
-   [x] Please discuss the answers with your group members.
-   [x] Put the countdown in red

Changes in this release, tagged 6.0.1

-   Create the access_token in several places if it does not exist to avoid the problem of being logged in to web2py but not FastAPI.
-   Add a tickets interface which in conjunction with scripts/tickets2db collects tracebacks from all workers into the database
-   Updates dependencies
-   Fixes bugs associated with using questions from a different base course in an assignment.

Big Changes to the 6.x series

0. The main function of the RunestoneServer is as the Instructor Interface
1. Version 6.x requires runestone > 6.x
2. Version 6.x is designed to run in tandem with bookserver which now handles APIs from the books
3. Version 6.x requires Docker - use docker-tools to build a container and docker compose to launch.
4. All book apis in ajax.py are deprecated. All of books.py is deprecated
5. The RunestoneServer can be built in 3 modes

-   --single - good for a single course production setup
-   --single-dev - good for development work
-   --multi - Good for running multiple Containers with a single database server and a load balancer
